README.md, before:

# _Andersson-Wise Architects (Responsive Design)_

#### _Epicodus: CSS (Week 2 Solo Project), July 8, 2016_

#### By _**Marty Fitchen**_

## Description

_This is an Epicodus student solo project creating a web page that uses CSS and HTML exclusively to style and manipulate the web page for a product being sold. See spec below:_

Project Requirements & Objectives  | Complete
:------------- | :-------------: |
*Required*: Create webpage that is similar to <a href="http://www.anderssonwise.com/">*Andersson-Wise*</a>. | X
*Objective*: Relative units used where appropriate. | X
*Objective*: Page(s) respond to at least three different screen sizes. | X
*Objective*: Responds to: **Mobile Screens**. | X
*Objective*: Responds to: **Tablet Screens**. | X
*Objective*: Responds to: **Desktop Screens**. | X
*Objective*: Media queries are your own. No Bootstrap. | X
*Objective*: Images are fluid. | X
*Objective*: Understanding of responsive design patterns demonstrated. | X

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Establish an internet connection_
* _Open a web browser_
* _Visit web page_
* _Check out the viewer in multiple screen sizes_

## Known Bugs

* _none so far_

## Support and contact details

_If you run into any issues or have questions, ideas, or concerns, please feel free to contact Marty at <a href="mailto:mfitchen@gmail.com">mfitchen@gmail.com</a>._
_To review this project, please visit the GitHub repository or the live webpage:_

* _GitHub Repository: <a href="https://github.com/mfitchen/andersson-wise">github.com/mfitchen/andersson-wise</a>_
* _Live Webpage: <a href="https://mfitchen.github.io/andersson-wise">mfitchen.github.io/andersson-wise</a>_

## Technologies Used

* _HTML_
* _CSS_

### License

*MIT License*

Copyright (c) 2016 **_Marty Fitchen_**

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

add completed READMEmd complete with information specific to solo project

README.md, after:

# _Andersson-Wise Architects (Responsive Design)_

#### _Epicodus: CSS (Week 2 Solo Project), July 8, 2016_

#### By _**Marty Fitchen**_

## Description

_This is an Epicodus student solo project creating a web page that uses CSS and HTML exclusively to style and manipulate the web page to mimick the <a href="http://www.anderssonwise.com/">Andersson-Wise</a> home page especially with media queries and responsive design. See spec below:_

Project Requirements & Objectives  | Complete
:------------- | :-------------: |
*Required*: Create webpage that is similar to <a href="http://www.anderssonwise.com/">*Andersson-Wise*</a>. | X
*Objective*: Relative units used where appropriate. | X
*Objective*: Page(s) respond to at least three different screen sizes. | X
*Objective*: Responds to: **Mobile Screens**. | X
*Objective*: Responds to: **Tablet Screens**. | X
*Objective*: Responds to: **Desktop Screens**. | X
*Objective*: Media queries are your own. No Bootstrap. | X
*Objective*: Images are fluid. | X
*Objective*: Understanding of responsive design patterns demonstrated. | X

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Establish an internet connection_
* _Open a web browser_
* _Visit web page_
* _Check out the viewer in multiple screen sizes_

## Known Bugs

* _none so far_

## Support and contact details

_If you run into any issues or have questions, ideas, or concerns, please feel free to contact Marty at <a href="mailto:mfitchen@gmail.com">mfitchen@gmail.com</a>._
_To review this project, please visit the GitHub repository or the live webpage:_

* _GitHub Repository: <a href="https://github.com/mfitchen/andersson-wise">github.com/mfitchen/andersson-wise</a>_
* _Live Webpage: <a href="https://mfitchen.github.io/andersson-wise">mfitchen.github.io/andersson-wise</a>_

## Technologies Used

* _HTML_
* _CSS_

### License

*MIT License*

Copyright (c) 2016 **_Marty Fitchen_**

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
